Updated card verification documentation (#92)
intergiro/developer-portal: docs/merchant/card-api/reference.md

# Reference

## Card Creatable
| Property       | Type                            | Description                                                           | Optional |
|----------------|---------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------|----------|
| `pan`          | `string`                        | Primary Account Number. Includes 12-19 characters, no spaces allowed. |          |
| `expires`      | `[number,number]`               | `[month, year]` where month is `1` to `12` and year is `0` to `99`    |          |
| `csc`          | `string`                        |                                                                       | Yes      |

> | `verification` | [`Verification`](#verification) |                                                                       | Yes      |

Reviewer: Link only works when pressing twice

| `issuer`       | `"card"`                                    |                                                                    |          |
| `created`      | [`Date`](../common/reference.html#datetime) |                                                                    |          |
| `audience`     | `string`                                    | `"production"` or `"development"`                                  |          |
| `encrypted`    | `string`                                    | Encrypted card information                                         |          |
| `expires`      | `[number,number]`                           | `[month, year]` where month is `1` to `12` and year is `0` to `99` |          |
| `verification` | [`Verification`](#verification)             |                                                                    | Yes      |

## Verification

| Property | Type                                    | Description                   |
|----------|-----------------------------------------|-------------------------------|

> | `type`   | `"method | challenge"`                  |                               |
> | `data`   | [Verification Data](#verification-data) | tokenized or as a json object |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `type`   | `"method" | "challenge" | "guard"`                  |                               |
| `data`   | [Verification Data](#verification-data) | base64 encoded string or a json object |
```
